Assign Super Weapon cameo to any sidebar tab (#1387)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/New-or-Enhanced-Logics.md

Detonate.AtFirer=false      ; boolean
```

### Customize SuperWeapon TabIndex

> - Now you can specific sw will insert to which tab of sidebar.
> 
> In `rulesmd.ini`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now assign a Super Weapon's cameo to any sidebar tab using `TabIndex`.
  - Valid values are: 0 (buildings tab), 1 (arsenal tab), 2 (infantry tab), 3 (vehicle tab).

In `rulesmd.ini`:
```

Detonate.AtFirer=false      ; boolean
```

### Customize SuperWeapon TabIndex

- You can now assign a Super Weapon's cameo to any sidebar tab using `TabIndex`.
  - Valid values are: 0 (buildings tab), 1 (arsenal tab), 2 (infantry tab), 3 (vehicle tab).

In `rulesmd.ini`:
```ini

> [SOMESW]                    ; Super Weapon
> TabIndex=1                  ; integer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[SOMESW]    ; Super Weapon
TabIndex=1  ; integer
```
